In order to replicate the IRFs of the working paper version of Smets, Warne and Wouters (2014), which is the file EA_SWW14_rep,
the following changes have to be made.

1. In the log-linearized model description of the published paper, the average price markup is defined as the inverse of marginal cost.
However, in the log-lin version the average price markup becomes minus marginal cost.
--> use mu_{p,t}=-mc_t

2. Define real wages (else 1 equation would be missing)

(This change is not necessary, but it reduces the dimensionality by dropping variables, which are not of interest)
drop average and natural price and wage markup

3. It is very important to use posterior modes as estimates, which are provided by the author used for the IRFs (authors' code)
The set of posterior modes can be found in "parameters.txt"

4. Although it looks basically the same, use beta in the employment equation because the authors also do it in their code.

5. some parameter definitions are missing, add them (cepsw,cky,crk)
5.1 Therefore, other parameters (clk,cw) are needed. Add them by taking the definition as in the authors' code.

6. rename flex investment from "if" to "invf". Else, it is the same as the if matlab statement "if" and an error occurs.

7. nominal interest rate and inflation rate are quarterly, IRFs use annualized rates. So, define them as in the MMB
ryearly=4*r;    
piyear=pi+pi(-1)+pi(-2)+pi(-3);

8. MC depend positively on productivity shock. Use minus sign because productivity decrease MC and then output increases.
Do this only in the marginal cost equation, not in the production function.

9. Minus sign before epsilonr in the Monetary Policy rule. Else, horizontal flip of IRF of monetary policy shock.

10. Minus sign before epsilonp in the price setting equation. Else, horizontal flip of IRF of price markup shock.

11. Use the equation for flex wages as it is in the authors' code. Else, the IRFs for the wage markup shock,
the labor supply shock and the technology shock are totally different to the ones in the working paper.




